Refactor classcomments (#74)
hpi-swa-teaching/MorphicAPIExplorer: packages/MorphicAPIExplorer-Core.package/MEXTool.class/README.md

I'm the actual tool which can be opened by the user. By default I'm opening a MEXToolOverView as window from where the user can navigate to the MEXToolExplorationView.

> I also contain the standardMorphs as defaultMorphs used in the morphplorer.

Reviewer: The naming scheme is not up to date.
```suggestion
I also contain a list of standardMorphs as part of my savedMorphs used in my morphplorer.
```
